you may have found yourself asking
throughout this course what are the uses
for nfds and what exactly is the
long-term vision
for nfts right this is this non-fungible
asset business
like
where are we going
right now we're in a renaissance period
right we're very early on and
digital art is king right we're doing
all of this digital art business online
which is great because it's giving all
of these artists an outlet and a medium
in order to make money but it's it's
just the start right it's it's the first
implementation of this nft business is
digital artwork digital ownership right
it's a stepping stone for more
complicated technologies to eventually
come in
and utilize the similar technology for
different use cases and we don't even
know what use cases may arise this is
one of the simplest use cases that has
had a great benefit for individuals
lives
but if we look beyond the veil of today
toward the future
and think about hey this technology what
can it be utilized for outside of this
well you know we think about fashion
wearables clothing
maybe we link an nft to them to have
ownership we all know that nike has a
patent out for an nft to combat
gray market selling by embedding nfts
into the shoes and tracing the ownership
right and therefore you kind of know
that fashion is a potential avenue for
this but other than fashion maybe
collateral against a loan you know these
non-fungible assets it's very similar to
a concept of a pawn shop where you go in
you trade in your non-fungible asset
and you get money in return
and you can pay back that money to get
back your non-fungible asset but do this
digitally right you have a loan
somewhere you need
quick liquidity
use an nft as that quick liquidity
against that loan that's that's a
financial concept there's a lot of
financial concepts out there that we
could use nfts for like tons and tons
and tons this is just one of them
maybe in gaming right we've touched upon
this
many times throughout the course you buy
a lot of digital assets and games
but you need that liquidity transfer
ability and all of those other hallmarks
in order to be like well
if i'm gonna invest
in these game skins
why don't i get benefit out of it so
that's just
another avenue that may potentially
spawn
use cases for nfts and it's not to say
that all of these nft use cases are
going to be on ethereum right
ethereum right now is
where it's at
but for true interoperability
maybe
we'll reach a point where
we can go across blockchains
and wrap these assets these non-fungible
assets but the protocols and the
communication mechanisms for that have
yet to be defined and are very much in
their infancy stage
then we go look at something more
business oriented like the supply chain
right let's say you buy an item from a
different country well you could
theoretically track the entire process
of that asset
through nfts from having
a token from where it was created when
it was shipped where it arrived and you
could follow the entire journey of the
supply chain
through the blockchain
in this way now these are all concepts
that nfts could be leveraged for in some
way or another because the tokens grant
uniqueness right and that uniqueness
allows us to say hey the registration of
this event so using it like an event
driven system to be able to track a
journey of something
all of these use cases all to say that
the space is extremely interesting and
there's a lot a lot a lot of things you
can do with technology and although
digital art is where we're at right now
and a lot of people are skeptical the
long-term strategic vision for a
technology like this is infinite and
therefore we should look at it less with
a skeptic eye and more with an open mind
to be able to figure out hey maybe maybe
i want to invest in some of these
technologies potentially long term or
maybe i just want to follow along and
see right or maybe you work in a company
where
this may be interesting
just keeping an open mind
is very important when looking at these
new technologies because even though you
may be skeptical about the initial use
cases the long-term use cases may be
valid and valuable for you and that is
important
so now that we've gone through the
entire journey of
the what the how the why and everything
in between
now let's step into how do we actually
mint so create an nft
and sell it on a marketplace
let's dive into that